Refactor/sso (#1150)
openfun/richie: docs/quick-start.md

You should be able to view the site at [localhost:8070](http://localhost:8070)

### Basic - Connecting Richie to OpenEdx

This project is pre-configured to connect with an OpenEdx instance started with
[OpenEdx Docker](https://github.com/openfun/openedx-docker], which provides a ready to use
docker-compose stack of OpenEdx in several flavors. Head over to
[OpenEdx Docker README](https://github.com/openfun/openedx-docker#readme) for instructions on how
to bootstrap an instance.

Just start apps with `make run`.

Richie should respond on `http://localhost:8070` and OpenEdx on `http://localhost:8073`.

### Advanced - Connecting Richie to OpenEdx

> If you need to go to deeper about integration between Richie and OpenEdx, you should read [the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want users to enroll on courses in OpenEdX directly from Richie via API calls, you should read [the 
```

You should be able to view the site at [localhost:8070](http://localhost:8070)

### Basic - Connecting Richie to OpenEdx

This project is pre-configured to connect with an OpenEdx instance started with
[OpenEdx Docker](https://github.com/openfun/openedx-docker], which provides a ready to use
docker-compose stack of OpenEdx in several flavors. Head over to
[OpenEdx Docker README](https://github.com/openfun/openedx-docker#readme) for instructions on how
to bootstrap an instance.

#### 1. Run OpenEDX and Richie on the same domain

Richie and OpenEDX must be on the same domain to work properly.
To do that you have to edit your hosts file (_.e.g_ `/etc/hosts` on a \*NIX system) to alias
a domain `local.dev` with two subdomains `richie` and `edx` to localhost:

```
# /etc/hosts
127.0.0.1 richie.local.dev
127.0.0.1 edx.local.dev

> ```

Reviewer 2: Have you tried to use add a `dnsmasq` service in the docker-compose definitions to avoid having to modify system files, increase cross compatibility and automate this configuration step. Check out this project: https://github.com/jpillora/docker-dnsmasq

Author: Let's take a look at this 🤔

Author: You have to tweak our OS preferences to resolve dns queries with your dnsmasq container.

Reviewer 2: Sic!

##### 1. Install mkcert ans its Certificate Authority

First you will need to install mkcert and its Certificate Authority.
[mkcert](https://mkcert.org/) is a little util to ease local certificate generation.

###### a. Install `mkcert` on your local machine

- [Read the doc](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert)
- Linux users who do not want to use linuxbrew : [read this article](https://www.prado.lt/how-to-create-locally-trusted-ssl-certificates-in-local-development-environment-on-linux-with-mkcert).

###### b. Install Mkcert Certificate Authority

`mkcert -install`

> If you do not want to use mkcert, you can generate [CA and certificate with openssl](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-get-https-working-on-your-local-development-environment-in-5-minutes-7af615770eec/).
> You will have to put your certificate and its key in `docker/files/etc/nginx/ssl` directory
> and named them `richie.local.dev.pem` and `richie.local.dev.key`.

##### 2. On Richie

To setup SSL conf with mkcert, just run:
`bin/dev-ssl setup`

> If you do not want to use mkcert, read instructions above to generate Richie certificate then

> > run `bin/dev-ssl activate` instead.

Author: Yes, there was the first solution used. But in any case, if user uses certificates generated through mkcert, it must install mkcert cli to install related CA.

Furthermore, the docker image that I used required root user to generate certificate. As we used a volume, this was really bad about security.

to bootstrap an instance.

To handle HTTP redirections between the 2 Docker Compose stacks during the authentication process,
you should edit your local hosts definitions (_e.g._ `/etc/hosts` on a \*NIX system) to add
domain `local.dev` with two subdomains: `richie` and `edx` as localhost alias:

```
# /etc/hosts
127.0.0.1 richie.local.dev
127.0.0.1 edx.local.dev
```

Once this has been done, the LMS app should respond on http://edx.local.dev:8073
and `richie` should respond on http://richie.local.dev:8070 and should be able

> to connect via the [SSO](https://richie.education/docs/lms-connection#sso) and the

Reviewer: there is no more SSO

[API bridge](https://richie.education/docs/lms-connection#api-bridge) and share CSRF cookie with

> EDX to allow CORS CSRF Protected XHR requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenEdX to allow CORS CSRF Protected XHR requests.
```
